In the creation of spoofed DNS responses, I mainly focused on DNS layer. In fact, for the lower layers, it's
not relevant to achieve a perfect match as long as the response arrives to the host. Due to this, we can notice
differences in some fields. For example, the MAC addresses in the two responses will be different. This is fine,
since the real response will probably arrive from the router while the spoofed one from my device. It would be possible
to spoof them too of course, but since it wasn't necessary for the success of the attack I didn't do it. For what
concerns IP, we can notice that we have a difference in the identification field. As the RFC states,
"In IPv4, the Identification (ID) field is a 16-bit value that is unique for every datagram for a given source
address, destination address, and protocol, such that it does not repeat within the maximum datagram lifetime
(MDL) [RFC791] [RFC1122]". So, this value can't be spoofed since the server will send a different ID with respect
to the client. However, as long as we don't use an ID that has already been exploited in the communication, we
are fine. In my solution, I don't explicitly handle it.
Another difference is the TTL value: the spoofed response has TTL=64, while the original one 128. Again, this
is a marginal difference that doesn't affect in any way the attack.
UDP headers are instead exactly the same. For DNS instead, I noticed that the real DNS response frequently has
an Additional Record field, which is missing from the spoofed response. Within it, we can find some indications
to the client, such as Cache flush: false or Cannot handle DNSSEC security RRs. However, since they are additional
fields, the attack works also if we don't include them in the spoofed response as long as the relevant data
is trustworthy. For the flags, I left only the flags of the original response, but I added aa=1. Without it, nslookup
provided a warning with my spoofed responses, saying that they didn't come from an authoritative server. By adding it,
the warning disappeared.